Hello and thank you
for participating in our survey!
It's about continuous authentication
on social media websites or mobile apps.
In the following,
we will explain what this means.
Before you can use your favorite social media website or mobile app,
you must sign in, usually with a username and password.
After that, you can use the app until you log yourself out
or you are automatically logged out.
If an unauthorized person gains access
to the device where you are logged into the service,
they can use your account on your behalf.
To prevent this, the provider of the social media website
or mobile app could continuously check
whether it is actually you who is
using the service while you are logged in.
For this purpose, the provider can use a variety of
characteristics that are related to your person.
These so-called biometric traits can
either be collected with sensors
or are obtained through your interaction with the device,
like the way you are using a keyboard,
a mouse, or many other traits.
In this survey, we would like to know how you would feel about providing your
biometric traits to protect your social media account.